# FTX-Razorpay_APP
This app is a one stop junction fro farmers where they can buy the products needed while the cultivation period,right from seeds to machies/tools,
sell their produce directly in the market and also register their land, machine for rent. It aims to cover all the needs of a farmer.

This app also includes an additional feature where a farmer can check for the most appropriate crop which can be grown on their land given the soil type, 
climatic condiitons and other relevant parameters, especially considering the revenue generated by a crop.

## Features of the App

### Maati app-:

### login portal-
Enter your username and phone no. to register.


### landing Page-:
As you enter your details ou will enter to the page which contains three sections buy, sell and rent.

### Buy section -: 
In buy section you may buy all the things that a farmer needed.
 
On clicking on buy section you land at a page which contains six section name as maati shop , maati news , maati analysis , kisan call center , history , contact us

### Maati Shop -
All the things needed by a farmer may be found here such as seeds , fertilizers , tools and pesticides.

You may select your item.On clicking on buy now you will be directed to razorpay payment gateway .Further you may buy these things oncash, paylater and easy emi.

### Maati News - 
Keep you update with the things related to farmers.It get updated daily.

### Maati analysis - 
Farmer can take the picture of soil through their camera and maati app will analyze the whole thing for it such as suitable weather condition for soil, suitable crop etc.

### Kisan Call center - 
This will directly direct them to their call section to call with kisan seva kendra contact no.

### History - 
History of what transcations made , purchased , sell and rent will kept here .


### Sell -: 
Enter the name of item you want to sell with description , quantity and amount .
Capture its snap and sell now button will post it to the needed ones.

### Rent -: 
Enter the name of item you want to rent with description , quantity and amount .
Capture its snap and rent now button will post it to the needed ones.

### Setting logo : 
It will direct you to a sidebar 
contains all features such as maati shop , news etc.

### Language -: 
It will allow you to choose the diffrent languages.

### Night Mode:- 
For convenience we are providing night mode 

### Contact us :- 
we giving our basic information at that page

## API Used:-
-Affordability

-EPOs

-Invoice

-Payment button

-Smart Collect

